The client has alluded to the whole “Netflix, Netflix, Netflix” thing multiple times and an initial sign up recommendation (however poor) is part of that system and one I suggested for ours. 

I’ve a top down picture of the system (will upload pretty drawings and further detailed plan soon). We know the user’s location from the sign up process and that restaurants in the system are tagged via cuisine type. To get a quick and simple system up and running all that need be done is ask the user to select some checkboxes of cuisine types and then filter down the results, probably sorting by most popular / highest reviews. Can be further improved and iterated on if you desire but for now that should be sufficient. 

Initially it’ll probably be Glasgow-only due to the data set but then adapt it to use only restaurants in a reasonable proximity. 

Q: Isn’t this count skewed to Glasgow only restaurant?
A: Correct but I wanted to see for a given city what sorts of cuisine types rose to the top. 

As can be seen from the Glasgow data country based cuisine types such as “Scottish”, “Indian”, “Italian” and “Asian” are popular ways of identifying restaurants.
Restaurant types such as “Deli”, “All You Can Eat”, “Set Menu” and “Small Plates” prove less popular.
Dietary restrictions such as “Vegetarian” or “Vegan” are important though that is not seem to be present here.

For the simple purposes I imagine here I would suggest working off dietary restrictions and nationality based cuisine types only. Depending on the number of nationality-based cuisine types potentially filter that down so the user is asked to select from a small, pre-selected (by us) selection to make the process more swift on the user’s part. Then just filter by given parameters and sort by rating / popularity. 

Quick, simple and makes a recommendation for new users of the site.

Hmm…. If you are referred to the site by a friend then you could use the friend as the base for the collaborative filter. That is for another time though.  

Q: Why do this?
A: This isn’t the meat and potatoes of our PSD project rather a simple, quick side quest which makes the experience more complete and in line with what should be implemented into their system. You can follow the flight of the crow or you can take your time, walk in with swagger wearing your leather jacket and your bullet belt and show them the full force of the bomber. After all I’m proud of this herd of sharks. My killers who don’t take no for an answer. My warriors, my winners who hit it high swiftly before they die to ensure they go out on top.      

